One day, a little girl named Lily found a needle in her room. She knew it was difficult to play with it because it was sharp. Lily wanted to share the needle with her mom, so she could sew a button on her shirt. Lily went to her mom and said, "Mom, I found this needle. Can you
Once upon a time, there was a little car named Beep. Beep loved to go fast and play in the sun. Beep was a healthy car because he always had good fuel. Good fuel made Beep happy and strong. One day, Beep was driving in the park when he saw a big tree. The tree had many leaves
One day, a little fish named Fin was swimming near the shore. He saw a big crab and wanted to be friends. "Hi, I am Fin. Do you want to play?" asked the little fish. The crab looked at Fin and said, "No, I don't want to play. I am cold and I don't feel fine." Fin felt sad but
Once upon a time, in a land full of trees, there was a little cherry tree. The cherry tree was very sad because it did not have any friends. All the other trees were big and strong, but the cherry tree was small and weak. The cherry tree was envious of the big trees. One day,
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. Lily liked to pretend she was a popular princess. She lived in a big castle with her best friends, a cat and a dog. One day, while playing in the castle, Lily found a big cobweb. The cobweb was in the way of her fun game. She
Once upon a time, in a big lake, there was a brown kayak. The brown kayak liked to roll in the water all day long. It was very happy when it could roll and splash in the lake. One day, a little boy named Tim came to play with the brown kayak. Tim and the brown kayak rolled in
Once upon a time, in a small town, there was a troubled little girl named Lily. She was always sad because she lost her favorite toy, a triangle. She looked everywhere in her house but could not find it. One sunny day, Lily went to the park to play. She saw a big puddle of water
Once upon a time, in a peaceful town, there lived a little boy named Tim. Tim loved to run and play outside. One day, Tim saw a race in the park. He was excited and wanted to join the race. Tim went to his friend, Sarah, and said, "Let's start the race!" Sarah smiled and said,
Once upon a time, there was a clever little dog named Max. Max loved to run and play with his friends in the park. One day, Max was running very fast when he fell and hurt his knee. Max went to his friend, the wise old owl, and said, "Owl, my knee hurts. What can I do?" The owl
One day, a fast driver named Tim went for a ride in his loud car. He loved to speed down the street and feel the wind in his hair. As he drove, he saw his friend, Sam, standing by the road. "Hi, Sam!" Tim called out. "Do you want to go for a ride?" "Yes, please!" Sam said, and
Once upon a time, there was a big car named Dependable. He had a very important job. Dependable would take a family to the park every day. The family had a mom, dad, and a little girl named Lily. They all had a lot of love for each other. One day, when they got to the park, they
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Tim. He liked to wear a big, dark hat. The hat was his favorite thing to wear. Tim wore the hat everywhere he went. One day, Tim found a pencil on the ground. The pencil was small and yellow. Tim liked the pencil a lot. He put the pencil
One day, a girl named Mia went for a walk. She saw a big, scary house. It had a tall door and small windows. Mia was brave, so she went inside the house. In the house, Mia saw a birdcage. Inside the birdcage, there was a little bird. The bird was sad. It wanted to fly and be
Once upon a time, in a small house, there lived a little girl named Amy. Amy was very sleepy. She put on her pajamas and went to bed. In the middle of the night, Amy heard a soft sound. She opened her eyes and saw a friendly ghost. The ghost said, "Hello, Amy! I am here to help
Once upon a time, in a big forest, there was a tiny mushroom. It was all alone. The sun was very harsh, and the mushroom did not like it. It wanted to find a friend to play with and to help it hide from the sun. One day, a little bunny came hopping by. The mushroom called out,
Once upon a time, there was a queen. She was a very nice queen. She had a big, pretty castle. The queen had a lot of work to do every day. But today, she wanted to relax. The queen went to the park to relax. She sat on a soft, green grass. The queen saw a bug. The bug was
Once upon a time, there was a little white cat named Fluffy. Fluffy loved to play with her best friend, a small boy named Timmy. They played outside in the sun every day. Fluffy liked to chase Timmy, and Timmy liked to run. One day, Timmy learned a new word at school. He wanted
Once upon a time, there was a big octopus. He lived in the deep blue sea. He had a friend, a reliable fish. They played together every day. One day, the octopus and the fish found a big jug. They wanted to pour water on their friends for fun. But they couldn't agree on who would
One day, a silly cat named Tom found a hoop in the yard. He wanted to play with it, but it was too big. Tom thought very hard about how to make the hoop smaller. Tom had an idea. He would stretch the hoop to make it smaller. He put his paws on the hoop and pulled as hard as he
Once upon a time, there was a polite crab. The crab lived in the sea. The crab had many friends. One day, the crab met a new friend. The new friend did not know how to play. The crab wanted to help the new friend. The polite crab showed the new friend how to play. They played
Once, there was a boy named Tim. Tim liked to fish. He had a long pole to catch fish. One day, his friend Sam came to play. Sam saw the pole and asked, "Can you lend me your pole?" Tim said, "Yes, but be careful!" Sam took the pole and went to the river. He tried to catch a
Once upon a time, in a small house, there lived a boy named Tim. Tim was a selfish boy. He did not like to share his things with others. One day, his mom brought home a big bag of vegetables. She wanted to explain to Tim why it was important to share. "Tim," said Mom, "we need
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Sue. Sue had long hair that would remind her of a rainbow. She would play with her hair all day. One day, Sue saw a slow snail in her garden. The snail had a pretty shell. Sue wanted to be friends with the snail. She named the snail Sam.
Once upon a time, there was a helpful girl named Lily. She loved to read books and spend time with her friends. One day, she found a new book at school. The book was about a kind bear who helped everyone in the forest. Lily read the book to her friends. They all liked the story.
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tim. Tim wanted to build something special for his mom's birthday. He thought and thought about what to make. Then, he had an idea! He would build a big present for her. Tim was worried. He didn't know if he could build the present
One day, a big whale was swimming in the deep blue sea. The whale was very mysterious. It had a big smile on its face and liked to play with the little fish. The mysterious whale loved to relax in the warm water. It would lay on its back and let the waves rock it like a baby.
Once upon a time, there was a smelly old tree. By the tree, there was a big hole. In the hole, there was a shiny coin. A boy named Tim saw the coin and wanted it. Tim said to his friend, "I want that coin, but the tree is smelly and rot." His friend said, "Be brave, Tim! You can
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tim. Tim loved going to the park to play. One day, Tim went to the park with his mom and dad. He was very happy. At the park, Tim saw a big tree. He wanted to give the tree a hug. So, he hugged the tree and felt good. Tim liked the
One sunny day, a pretty boat was on the water. The boat was red and blue. A girl named Lily and her dog, Spot, were on the boat. They liked to play and have fun together. Lily saw a big fish jump out of the water. She said, "Wow, Spot! Did you see that big fish?" Spot barked and
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Lily. She had a flute that she loved to play. One day, she met a deaf cat who could not hear her play the flute. Lily wanted to help the cat hear her music. Lily had an idea. She would stretch a big string from her flute to the cat's ear.
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Tom. He loved gum. One day, he found a thin piece of gum on the ground. He thought it was very special. He put the gum in his pocket to save it for later. Tom went to play with his friend, Sam. They played a game where they had to escape
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tim. Tim had a favorite vest that he loved to wear. It was a pretty vest with many colors. He wore it all the time. One day, it started to rain when Tim was playing outside. The rain made Tim and his vest very wet. Tim did not like
Once upon a time, there was a little boat. The boat was blue and it liked to float on the water. One day, the sun was very hot and the water began to dry up. The boat was sad because it could not float anymore. A bird saw the boat and asked, "Why are you sad, little boat?" The
Once upon a time, there was an old lady who lived in a small house. She loved to mix things in her big pot. One day, she decided to mix some yummy soup for her lunch. As she mixed the soup, she saw some smoke come out of her pot. She knew that meant the soup was very hot. The
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tim. Tim was very nervous. He had lost his toy razor. He loved to pretend to shave like his dad. Every day, he would play with his toy razor. But now, it was gone. One day, Tim went to the park with his mom. He thought maybe he left
Once upon a time, there was a big gray elephant named Elly. Elly was sad because she thought she was ugly. She had big ears and a long nose, and she felt different from the other animals. One day, a little bird named Benny flew to Elly. Benny saw that Elly was sad and asked,
Once upon a time, there was a little dog named Zigzag. Zigzag loved to run and play in the park. One day, Zigzag saw a big twisty slide. He wanted to try it, so he ran up to the slide. Zigzag twisted and turned as he went down the slide. He went so fast that he fell off at the
Once upon a time, in a small house, there was a cat and a dog. They liked to play all day. One day, they saw a shiny chain on the floor. They both wanted it. The cat had an idea. She rubbed her head on the dog's leg. The dog felt happy and closed his eyes. The cat took the chain
One day, a little boy named Tim went to play outside. He saw a big box near the tree. Tim was very curious. He wanted to know what was inside. So, he went closer to the box and took a peek. Inside the box, Tim found a toy gun. He was so happy! He picked up the gun and started to
One day, a boy named Tim found a big hammer in his toy box. He took the hammer and went to play in the deep mud outside. While he was playing, he saw a little bug stuck in the mud. "Help me, please!" said the bug. Tim wanted to help, but he didn't want to delay his playtime. The
